I'd like for you to build a tool that allows me to upload CSV files that each contain a set of latitudes and longitudes. As I'm picking the file to upload I should be able to give that set of lat/lngs a name, and those points should be saved in their own collection. I should then be able to look back a list of all the collections uploaded and be able to click through and see a map with the points of that collection plotted out.

I've attached some sample CSV files. Because I'm evil, not all the data is valid. If you encounter invalid data, you should let me know which lines in the CSV are invalid after the upload (but keep the rest of the data).

Finally, I'd like for you to deploy this app to a public URL I can visit. Try using AWS as opposed to Heroku (you can use some of their newer tools that make it easier, I just wanted something a tad more challenging than Heroku deploys). I believe you can get $25 in free credit here but if that doesn't work we'll reimburse you.

The app doesn't need user login.


A few guidelines:

- Google things freely
- The Google Maps JS API is great and easy to use
- Focus on the deploy part after you've got an app working on your machine.
- Always Be Committing! The commit history can tell the story of how the app developed and that's useful to me.


When you're done, share the app URL with me as well as the GitHub repo.

Bonus points if:

- you give the user the option to pick from a variety of different marker icons when uploading a CSV (and even more bonus points if the troll face is one of them)
- you do extra stuff to make the app pretty and beautiful
- you use a framework other than Rails
- the name of the app is a clever pun for its functionality
- you store your data in something other than an SQL database

Timing:
My goal was for this to be a four hour project. When you submit it to me, let me know how long you spent working on it. Four hours isn't a hard deadline or anything; just a guideline. If you spend 5-6 hours on it but it's super nice and polished I won't penalize you for it, but don't spend 8 hours on it or anything like that.

Here are the CSV files:
https://www.dropbox.com/sh/wba5n9o7a8kmejl/AACm-bbeJoms8GYpp7xFCDyma?dl=0


Models: PointCollection has_many :points icon_url:string
        Point belongs_to :pointcollection 
